Issue/1447 (#1509)
shipwright-io/build: docs/build.md

  - `spec.timeout` - Defines a custom timeout. The value needs to be parsable by [ParseDuration](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration), for example, `5m`. The default is ten minutes. You can overwrite the value in the `BuildRun`.
  - `spec.output.annotations` - Refers to a list of `key/value` that could be used to [annotate](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/annotations.md) the output image.
  - `spec.output.labels` - Refers to a list of `key/value` that could be used to label the output image.

>   - `spec.output.timestamp` - Configure that the output image timestamp is changed to a specific value. When omitted, the respective strategy tool defines the output image timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `spec.output.timestamp` - Adjust the configuration to ensure the output image timestamp is changed to a specific value. When omitted, the respective build strategy tool defines the output image timestamp.
```

>   - `spec.output.timestamp` - Instruct the build to change the output image creation timestamp to the specified value. When omitted, the respective build strategy tool defines the output image timestamp.

Author: Upon double checking the docs, I realized we missed a couple of reasons in the table.
